So in this video we will be talking about our Java classes, which is an admin panel generate invoice
and invoice.
Class.
So admin panel class will appear whenever the admin will log in and it will open the frame or the window
for the admin.
Whereas generate invoice class will appear.
Or open the window for the cashier whenever the cashier is.
Login and invoice is the detail of the sale of the product.
So first let's talk about the admin panel or Java class.
So it is defined inside the package store.
We have imported the necessary packages like border layout Image Action Event Action is not ArrayList
J Frame Menubar Menu Item J Panel Menu Toolkit.
Image Icon J Label.
After that, we have defined our class, which is public class admin panel.
This is extending the frame and implementing action listener inside which we have defined a menu item
item, add product a menu and then product then the menu item item, update product, delete product.
Similarly for the cashier.
Amend cashier item, delete cashier item, cashier, stock item, show stock and export.
Then there is a list of panel which will install the instance of panels.
J panel and after that there is an int variable initialize to zero, then there is a menu and then search
and MDM search product search, cashier and then sale and then print sale.
Then we have defined the non parameterized constructor of this class that is admin panel.
Said the title of that panel or window as admin panel, then setting the default close operation for
the window and bound for that window.
After that, we have defined the menu bar and set the menu bar.
Then we have defined this product, which will be the menu named as product and added that menu to our
menu bar.
After that, we have defined the item for that menu element that is add product, set that menu item
to that menu element and after that added action listener to that menu and.
Item.
Similarly, there is another menu item for the update product, adding that to the menu element and
added Excel is not for this.
Similarly, we have a delete product menu item, adding that menu item to our product main product menu.
And then we have added action list for the delete product menu item.
Similarly, we have defined the menu cache here, added that menu to our menu bar.
After that, there are.
Another menu item, added cashier, adding that to our menu element.
And then we have added action.
Not for this.
Item I'd cashier.
After that there is a delete cashier.
Menu item, we have added that menu item to the menu and after that we have added action for this.
Then there is a menu stock and added that menu to our menu bar.
After that we have defined the items for that menu first.
So stop adding that to the menu and added Excel is not for this.
Then there is a search menu added to our menu bar.
After that, there is a.
Search product menu item added that toward menu bar and then adding accent list not for that particular
menu item.
Similarly, we have a menu item.
Search cashier added that also to our menu bar.
Then we have a menu of sales type, adding that to our menu bar.
After that, we have a menu item sale named as bill sale and added that to our menu element.
And then we have added action list not for this.
So there is another menu as account and menu item as logout.
Added that to our account menu element and adding action list for the logout.
Then there is the immense search share added selection for that menu item as well, setting the layout
of that complete window by the help of board layout.
Then inside the panel, I realized we have called all the necessary methods like add, add product,
update, product, delete product, add, cashier, delete, cashier, source, stock, search, product,
search, cashier and seal.
We have added all these method inside the array list.
The where is the panel?
See the error list and edit that error list.
To our frame.
Now what we are doing is we are defining the action performed for action performing method with the
help of action event for our every method.
So now system.
This line is for the reference or debugging purpose selected dot e dot get action command.
This will get the action one and print that after that.
If if the action command is equal to the ADD product.
So if the action command is from the menu item ad product, but what we will do is remove the panel
and get see panel.
Revalidate the current instance, then repaint this window and add the panels.
Don't get zero.
So panels dot zero will be containing add product.
So ADD product method will be called in the current frame.
So the previous window will be closed with the help of this start get removed and the next add product
class window will be appear and set the see panel as zero again and set the title as ADD product.
Similarly for the update product, we have done the same thing and called Add panel to get one.
This will call the update product.
Method.
And similarly for the delete product add cashier, we have done the same thing for all but this with
the help of elseif method delete cashier so stock search product we have just changed the method in
index like six, five and four with respect of that command.
Then there is for the search cashier and will sale.
So and if the logout will be called then we will dispose the current instance.
So this is all about the admin panel.
Let's have a look at the generate invoice panel which will be displayed or will.
Whenever I casually login.
So this is also defined an inside package store.
We have imported the necessary packages.
After that we have defined our class, which is extending frame and action.
Lets not define the panel content pane and integer type of variable.
JP, and there are similarly a list of panels.
Then we have defined the main function inside which we have created the instance of the current class
and set the visibility of the frame as to.
After that we have defined the non parameter constructor setting the default operation for the.
For this respective window.
Setting the bound for it.
Creating a menu bar.
Adding that menu bar to the frame.
After that, we have created a menu element file, and inside that menu element we have three menu items
like generate invoice labels, generate invoice, added that to our menu element and added Excel for
this.
And there is a similarly another menu item search product and another menu items log out.
Then we have a content pane set the content pane like new panel and set the bar tab for it, adding
that to our content pane and then we have set the layout for it and defined our search product.
Object as I speak.
Now, what we have did it added a new invoice and search product to our panel ArrayList and add initially
we have displayed and the current visibility as zero.
So add the initial initial value.
The invoice method will be called in this window and said that this does this this said the title for
it is generated invoice as the generate invoice method will be shown now inside the action performed
event.
There will be two commands which can be either for search product.
So if the search product will be called, we will remove the current panel instance, revalidate the
window, repaint the window and add the panel to get one.
So one will be called the search product.
So this method will be called whenever the search product menu item will be clicked.
Said the JPA has won and the visibility of the current windows is too, and the title for that will
be such product.
Similarly, if it is, it is from the generate invoice.
Then we will again remove the current window, revalidate the window, repaint the window and call the
panel.
Not get zero.
Because zero is containing the method of.
New invoice.
So this will be show the window for the invoice and if it form the logout then we will just dispose
the current instance.
So this is the generate invoice class which will appear or comes out as a result whenever a cashier
will login, while the admin panel will display the panel for whenever the admin will log in.
Now let's move to the invoice stored Java file, which will be called which will be used whenever we,
the cashier want to show check the invoice.
So this is defined inside the package store.
We have imported the necessary packages.
Then we have defined the class which is extending panel inside which we have a three text field name
ID and P quantity.
Then there is a table items and the text field unit price label, label, name and label as error.
Then they static and variable in as one default table model as the team.
And there is an object type of data variable.
Then there is a combo box, a string list of combo box and array, a string of company and a private
text field.
Named as a long as zero and as g total inside the non parameter as constructor of the invoice, we have
set the label of as null.
Then we have defined the label named as customers and the font for it bound for it and adding that label
to our frame.
After that there is a C type which is a choice type.
And also C type is the array of ArrayList of string type for the combo box setting the bound for it,
adding that to our frame after that added the item in that combo box string list first is working customer
and second is company customer or customer name.
Then we have selected the index one.
After that, we have added an item list for that particular combo box.
Then we have defined the item change method for it.
If it is equal to one, then we will label label names that visible.
True.
So this label will be visible through and name label etc. as well.
So these labels will be shown and else if the index will not be one, then these labels will be.
Visibility of that labels will be.
Set to false.
After that there is another label as the name setting the font for it, bound for it, and adding that
to the frame and the respective text field for the name to enter that name.
For which the invoice will be generated.
And there is a label product with the product ID setting font for it, bound for it, adding that product
to our frame after there is a label quantity similarly font for it bound for it, adding that to our
frame.
After that, there is a PID product ID text field to write the product ID setting bound for it, adding
that to our frame and setting the column or size for that ID.
Then be quantity to write the quantity for that product.
After that, we have a we have a button add.
So when this button will be performing an action so we have defined action perform method inside which
if the unit price dot get text is equal to null.
So if the unit price is null or the get text is equals to null, if the quantity is null or if the ID
is null, then we will show enter required data.
Else we will set the error label as null again.
Then we will be having a long type of variable up FP and q inside ID detail.
We will set null inside up.
We will pass along unit price, so we will trim the unit price to cover up long variable.
And similarly in Q, we will trim the quantity.
Similarly in the ID, we will be trimming the text from the ID and a unit tries out label.
So we will be setting these labels as null.
After that, we inside the FP, we will be calculating the price total price by multiplying the UPN
q.
Then we will set the details DB Dot search details for that particular ID after that inside the store.
We will split with the help of we will split the detail variable and inside the detail we will store
STR of zero.
If detail is close to nil, then also invalid product ID.
Otherwise, if the details item is out of stock, then we will say then we will show that message.
And if nothing, then we will show the error message as null and.
And the company went to our company label.
Then the hydro.
This will be adding the row to our table and total plus FP.
So this will add the final price to our total variable G total and set the totals inside the G total
label.
We will set the total.
Then there is a set button for that bound.
Adding that button is string header which will protect the item detail and adding that to our table.
Similarly bound for that, a scroll panel in initializing scroll panel for the items.
Then there is a unit price to write the unit price and there is a label unit price error message label.
After that label delete product and product ID and the text field for the respective field labels.
Then inside the delete button, this will perform the deletion of the.
Field an invoice and delete button set down.
This will set the bound for the delay button and there is a label grand total and another label which
will help us to show that table inside the total death file.
So the total value.
So this is all about the three classes.
And we in this video, we have talked about the admin panel generate invoice and invoice.